Fix DemistoSDK API Codegen Command Infinite Loop. (#1487)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Enhanced the **postman-codegen** command to name all generated arguments with lower case.

> * Fixed an issue where **openapi-codegen** entered an infinite loop on mutual references in swagger file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **openapi-codegen** entered into an infinite loop on circular references in the swagger file.
```
